Is the boy who is generous feeding food to the squirrels?
Is the baby who is already asleep hungry?
Is the man who is tired of the game still playing?
Is the box of cereal that is open Cheerios?
Is the book that is so interesting about lions?
Is the girl who is smart wearing a jeans jacket?
Is the man who is sleepy drinking tea?
Is the kitten that is very cute Annie's?
Is an elephant who is old still kind?
Is the game that is harder more interesting?
Is the soup that is quite delicious made by grandma?
Is the bedroom that is neat his friend's?
Is the tree that is high hard to climb?
Is the boy who is afraid of dogs here today?
Is the train that is late coming at last?
Is the dog who is hungry licking the bowl?
Is the key that is different for the car?
Is her friend who is a doctor pretty?
Is the girl who is here hiding?
Is a butterfly that is yellow in the picture?
Is the horse that is outside dangerous?
Is the party that is put together for Alice at five o'clock?
Is the bedspread that is white and blue dirty?
Is the fish that is black his favorite one?
Is the telephone that is ringing orange?
Is the picture that is there a funny one?
Is the boy who is here your friend?
Is your grandpa who is away bringing you a cat?
Is the bunny that is there fluffy?
Is the man who is in the bedroom shaving?
Is the mummy that is in the museum very old?
Is the alligator that is in the lake dangerous?
Is the door that is on the right the kitchen?
Is the crayon that is in the box the blue one?
Is the thing that is in your pocket the blue comb?
Is the animal that is in the next cage a tiger?
Is the house that is by the lake grandma's?
Is the little house that is behind the tree the doghouse?
Is the hair that is on his face a beard?
Is the stroller that is in the trunk for the baby?
Is the spoon that is on the bed the big one?
Is the man who is in the pool swimming?
Is the bird that is in our garden a goose?
Is the boy who is being good on the beach building a castle?
Is the song that is playing familiar?
Is your friend who is waving from the boat going fishing?
Is the picture that is hanging by the door done by Amelia?
Is the girl who is wearing a purple dress going to the party?
Is the man who is standing on his head Peter?
Is the muppet that is swinging the funny one?
Is the little boy who is crying hurt?
Is the man who is thinking of moving here grandpa?
Is the balloon that is flying over there Michael's?
Is the man who is talking to Jesse the doctor?
Is the Indian who is fishing in the lake catching anything?
Is the man who is holding Cindy's hand her daddy?
Is the kid who is patting the elephant the small one?
Is the monster who is kicking and throwing everything friendly?
Is the person who is leaving ready?
Is the lady who is kissing Jeffrey's brother their aunt?
Is the cutie who is sitting next to Ann Jeffrey?
Is the girl who is being dressed in white saying goodbye?
Is the monkey that is scratching his head thinking?
Is the dog that is lying under the table sleeping?
Is the breakfast that is made for Joey the same?
Is the mistake that is made in this book strange?
Is the dolphin who is hurt playing with the balls?
Is the hairbrush that is not grandma's cleaner?
Is juice that is made from carrots and bananas really delicious?
Is the car that is covered in dirt the new one?
Is the person who is interested in music listening to a tape?
Is the lion that is fed only carrots happy?
Is the girl who is dressed in pink trying to run away?
Is the box that is wrapped in blue paper for Paul's birthday?
Is the office that is closed today supposed to be open tomorrow?
Is the lady who is shut in the tower crying all the time?
Is the ring that is attached to the block for lifting it?
Is the quilt that is wrapped around his head made by grandma?
Is the boy who is bigger than Christopher called Pepe?
Is the doll that is beautiful mommy's?
Is the pig that is bigger making a mess?
Is the music that is so soft coming from that car?
Is the little boy who is tired sleeping?
Is the dog that is friendly in the house?
Is the umbrella that is strawberry red Gail's?
Is the jello that is on top of the marshmallows green?
Is the liquid that is in the jar cold?
Is the bedspread that is covered in red paint never getting clean again?
Is the engine that is turned off broken?
Is the water that is falling from the sky clean?
Is the boy who is drinking milk listening to her?
Is the girl who is wearing a jacket feeding the birds?
Is the phone that is on the table ringing?
Is everything that is in the kitchen food?
Is the key that is in her purse for the office?
Is the girl who is sitting on the chair lovely?
Is the dance that is so long tricky?
Is the man who is so gentle in the red car?
Is your aunt who is here old?
Is the machine that is making such a noise in the kitchen?