Is the boy who generous is feeding food to the squirrels?
Is the baby who already asleep is hungry?
Is the man who tired of the game is still playing?
Is the box of cereal that open is Cheerios?
Is the book that so interesting is about lions?
Is the girl who smart is wearing a jeans jacket?
Is the man who sleepy is drinking tea?
Is the kitten that very cute is Annie's?
Is an elephant who old is still kind?
Is the game that harder is more interesting?
Is the soup that quite delicious is made by grandma?
Is the bedroom that neat is his friend's?
Is the tree that high is hard to climb?
Is the boy who afraid of dogs is here today?
Is the train that late is coming at last?
Is the dog who hungry is licking the bowl?
Is the key that different is for the car?
Is her friend who a doctor is pretty?
Is the girl who here is hiding?
Is a butterfly that yellow is in the picture?
Is the horse that outside is dangerous?
Is the party that put together for Alice is at five o'clock?
Is the bedspread that white and blue is dirty?
Is the fish that black is his favorite one?
Is the telephone that ringing is orange?
Is the picture that there is a funny one?
Is the boy who here is your friend?
Is your grandpa who away is bringing you a cat?
Is the bunny that there is fluffy?
Is the man who in the bedroom is shaving?
Is the mummy that in the museum is very old?
Is the alligator that in the lake is dangerous?
Is the door that on the right is the kitchen?
Is the crayon that in the box is the blue one?
Is the thing that in your pocket is the blue comb?
Is the animal that in the next cage is a tiger?
Is the house that by the lake is grandma's?
Is the little house that behind the tree is the doghouse?
Is the hair that on his face is a beard?
Is the stroller that in the trunk is for the baby?
Is the spoon that on the bed is the big one?
Is the man who in the pool is swimming?
Is the bird that in our garden is a goose?
Is the boy who being good on the beach is building a castle?
Is the song that playing is familiar?
Is your friend who waving from the boat is going fishing?
Is the picture that hanging by the door is done by Amelia?
Is the girl who wearing a purple dress is going to the party?
Is the man who standing is on his head Peter?
Is the muppet that swinging is the funny one?
Is the little boy who crying is hurt?
Is the man who thinking of moving here is grandpa?
Is the balloon that flying over there is Michael's?
Is the man who talking to Jesse is the doctor
Is the Indian who fishing in the lake is catching anything?
Is the man who holding Cindy's hand is her daddy?
Is the kid who patting the elephant is the small one?
Is the monster who kicking and throwing everything is friendly?
Is the person who leaving is ready?
Is the lady who kissing Jeffrey's brother is their aunt?
Is the cutie who sitting next to Ann is Jeffrey?
Is the girl who being dressed in white is saying goodbye?
Is the monkey that scratching his head is thinking?
Is the dog that lying under the table is sleeping?
Is the breakfast that made for Joey is the same?
Is the mistake that made in this book is strange?
Is the dolphin who hurt is playing with the balls?
Is the hairbrush that not grandma's is cleaner?
Is juice that made from carrots and bananas is really delicious?
Is the car that covered in dirt is the new one?
Is the person who interested in music is listening to a tape?
Is the lion that fed only carrots is happy?
Is the girl who dressed in pink is trying to run away?
Is the box that wrapped in blue paper is for Paul's birthday?
Is the office that closed today is supposed to be open tomorrow?
Is the lady who shut in the tower is crying all the time?
Is the ring that attached to the block is for lifting it?
Is the quilt that wrapped around his head is made by grandma?
Is the boy who bigger than Christopher is called Pepe?
Is the doll that beautiful is mommy's?
Is the pig that bigger is making a mess?
Is the music that so soft is coming from that car?
Is the little boy who tired is sleeping?
Is the dog that friendly is in the house?
Is the umbrella that strawberry red is Gail's?
Is the jello that on top of the marshmallows is green?
Is the liquid that in the jar is cold?
Is the bedspread that covered in red paint is never getting clean again?
Is the engine that turned off is broken?
Is the water that falling from the sky is clean?
Is the boy who drinking milk is listening to her?
Is the girl who wearing a jacket is feeding the birds?
Is the phone that on the table is ringing?
Is everything that in the kitchen is food?
Is the key that in her purse is for the office?
Is the girl who sitting on the chair is lovely?
Is the dance that so long is tricky?
Is the man who so gentle is in the red car?
Is your aunt who here is old?
Is the machine that making such a noise is in the kitchen?